hey guys what is going on the names game
is a game and today I'm gonna bring you
five tips that hopefully no matter how
good or bad you think you are at called
you the ghost hopefully these five kids
will make you a better player even think
you're the best player in the world I
still think these faggots will
definitely help you out at some point so
I'll get straight into it guys there's
no point me talking on the crap when I
can get straight into this so tip number
one the opening ralph skies now i always
want to start a game i flank to the left
hand side them up I front to the right
you never go into the middle of the map
in my opinion have somewhere at the
beginning of every map guys have
somewhere where you go where you know
where you can get like you can sit down
some cover you know where the enemy
gonna come from have an opening about
guys know where about the enemies are
going to be where they're gonna run
where they're gonna you know mix set
yourself up so you can get a firstblood
and get that first kill and get yourself
on your way it's always good to get a
kill before you get a def at the
beginning because when you get a death
it can be a bit frustrating especially
right at the beginning so definitely
have a good opening route guys have
plenty of cover and make sure you know
where the enemy are going to be so you
can get our first blood now tip number
two it's a really really simple tip but
we kind of do it without thinking we
should do it without thinking sorry and
we don't we just we just sprint round
corners guys we don't think oh that's
not sprint here people just split
malkauns like that guy right there I can
spring up the stairs sprint around he
wasn't expecting me I knew he was coming
and he was so don't sprint mount conness
guys have you ain't round corners now
something that could highly recommend
for this is definitely having your
stalker / calm because when you when you
we got your email when you're a min
sorry if you have stock when you can
move a lot quickly it helps out a lot so
guys aim down your sights around corners
don't be speeding around corn its cost
if even if it's all the smallest chance
in the world this one being around the
corner aim anyway because on this map
the spawns of that dodgy so uncle just
pop up right in front of year so make
sure you're aiming around corners guys
don't be sprinting get stalker on in my
opinion especially for this because it
helps out a hell of a lot makes you a
hard time getting it as well when you're
a min so yeah guys tip number two is
don't spit and I'll car make sure you're
always aiming it's a really basic tip
but you guys will have known and purple
known in your head deep down but again
people don't do it enough so I'm
actually do that my emit you a lot
better a lot of a better player too
number three guys make sure your
sensitivity suits you as a player if
you're having trouble aiming at the
enemies and having trouble hitting them
cost you hit mark and your aim your red
dot is just flying all over the place
but your sensitivity little bit guys it
doesn't make you a bad play because you
sensitivities lower than somebody else's
if you have a sensitivity to high that
makes you a bad player because you can't
hit the enemies having sensitivity it
suits you work out which is the perfect
sensitivity for you guys and use that
sensitivity I mean even if you guys on
the five sets to doesn't make you a bad
player guys there's always there's
actually a benefit for a really low
sensitivity the aim assist on this game
works a lot better with lower
sensitivities because obviously that the
rain isn't moving about as much it
locked on to enemies and helps you
assist you a lot better than if you had
a higher sensitivity advantage of in
high sensitivity little guys obviously
there's one advantage for each if you're
a back to back if you're back to battle
an enemy both facing opposite ways if
you have a high sensitivity you
obviously were to spin around quicker
and get that kill so again there's
advantages farm in a low sensitivity
high sensitivity but make sure it suits
you guys it doesn't matter which one it
is as long as it suits you because
you're gonna get the most out of your
game and you can get most out yourself
soft tip guys really basic you but we're
gonna laugh at this but don't be stupid
don't be an idiot guys if you're but now
it's the middle of the map especially on
this game the damage being so high in
your health being so low if you open out
into the middle of up guys you're gonna
die there's no doubt about that it's a
risk that you're gonna tell you taking a
risk every time you run out into the
middle of the map the only time i will
recommend moving out onto the middle
them up on this game is on cranked if
you have five seconds left on your time
and you can't see anyone then run out
happily go go out get try and get a kill
take a risk but in like a TDM guys
there's no point in you taking a risk
there's no point in your being stupid
don't run out to the middle them up guys
be sensible with what you're doing don't
matter- map you're gonna do a lot better
if you're not taking those sort of risks
so it's a really basic tip but guys it
helps out a lot so just take that on
board and the last if i want to give you
guys a sound holding and map knowledge
get these in Ed's let guys it makes you
a better gamer get a decent headset you
can hear where the enemies are no the
maps guys know where the enemy respond
or what are doing when they're doing it
here where they are know where they are
guys is perfect if you know the maps nor
the spawns can hear them they're not
only expecting you and you know
exactly where they are so gay guys get a
decent headset get getting all the maps
don't sit in a corner guys get to know
the maps know where they are you'll get
good streaks and it'll make you a better
player it's hard to do it without with
like on a TV oh we are a decent headset
guys so that is my five tips for today I
hope you enjoyed this video guys hit the
like button if you do don't forget
subscribe I might let us into a series
and bring you guys some more tips but
we'll have to see about that even that
guys I hope you enjoyed this video and I
will see you all in the next one
you